changelog 2.2.0-beta.1 (#5236)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

Mapbox welcomes participation and contributions from everyone.

## Mapbox Navigation SDK 2.2.0-beta.1 - December 10, 2021

For details on how v2 differs from v1 and guidance on migrating from v1 of the Mapbox Navigation SDK for Android to the v2 public preview, see [2.0 Navigation SDK Migration Guide](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/wiki/2.0-Navigation-SDK-Migration-Guide).

### Changelog
#### Bug fixes and improvements

> - Refactored `RouteProgress.voiceInstructions` property always keeps the very last value and doesn't become `null`. [#5126](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5126)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refactored `RouteProgress.voiceInstructions` property to always keep the last value and never become `null`. [#5126](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5126)
```
